# Prince of Spam

Created for Open Jam 2018.

## Gameplay

You have been sent by a Nigerian prince! His fortune is held up in an offshore account, which is charging a fee to release the funds. Your mission is to find people willing to send money to help pay the fee, so that your prince can retrieve his fortune. Collect as much money as you can!

The strategy of the game is to maximize your spam's effectiveness as awareness of your spam emails increase. A higher awareness will require more spam in order to retrieve money, while a higher effectiveness will require less spam to retrieve money.
Awareness of your spam will occur over time. As awareness spreads, people will be more difficult to persuade, and spam filters will be sent out to block your spam! While spam robots are alive, spam will no longer reach the recipients. Kill them in order to continue spamming!

The effectiveness of your spam will increase the more users it hits. When a user recieves enough spam, you will receive money! Once the awareness reaches 100% the game is over and you leave with your money!

### Controls

Aim: Mouse
Send spam: Left click (hold down to spam!)
Movement: WASD or arrow keys

## Tools Used

Engine: Godot
Development platform: Fedora
Text Editing: Emacs
Image Editing: Inkscape, Gimp
Music: BeepBox.co
Sound Effects: sfxr

## Credits

Programming, Audio, Design, Some Art: Nick Forrer
Art: public domain art by Kenney.nl and openclipart.org

Envelope firing sound effect: Robinhood76 at freesound.org [https://freesound.org/people/Robinhood76/sounds/101432/] (CC BY-NC3.0: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/)

Laser/hit sounds: generated by sfxr
